Update repo to use go:embed (#10996)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/10996.txt

```release-note:improvement

> ui: removed external dependencies for serving UI assets in favor of Go 1.16's native embed capabilities

Author: ```suggestion
ui: removed external dependencies for serving UI assets in favor of Go's native embed capabilities
```
